Add support for projections to the standalone Plot.scale function (#2427)
observablehq/plot: docs/features/scales.md

const plot1 = Plot.plot({...options1});
const plot2 = Plot.plot({...options2, color: plot1.scale("color")});
```

> Plot.scale also supports projections. <VersionBadge version="0.6.18" /> The returned projection object exposes *apply* and *invert* methods for converting between geographic and pixel coordinates, and can be passed as the **projection** option of another plot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plot.scale also supports projections. <VersionBadge pr="2427" /> The returned projection object exposes *apply* and *invert* methods for converting between geographic and pixel coordinates, and can be passed as the **projection** option of another plot.
```

Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. 🙂
